Prepare v2.7.0 (#167)
honeycombio/beeline-ruby: RELEASING.md

# Releasing

- Update the version number in `lib/honeycomb/beeline/version`.
- Run `bundle lock`.
- Confirm the version number update appears in `Gemfile.lock`
- Update `CHANGELOG.md` with the changes since the last release.
- Commit changes, push, and open a release preparation pull request for review.
- Once the pull request is merged, fetch the updated `main` branch.
- Apply a tag for the new version on the merged commit: vX.Y.Z, for example v1.1.2.

> - Push the new version tag up to the project repository to kick off build and artifact publishing to GitHub and the NPM registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Push the new version tag up to the project repository to kick off build and artifact publishing to GitHub and the Gems registry.
- Publish the draft release in GitHub.
```

Author: Argh! You can see who I was copying my homework from!
